here we see the field Sigi the 620 once stamped the music of the
Function of this device we can once the program here below
Call programs
that in the music
but that is already stored on our background
but here is also the music from Grüttner one buys with four except
possibilities
Artist album title or playlists can put together with us
i'm pressing amorph interpreter
the family-van interpreters pull the album here
and there a title
this opens immediately
Christine Clauß now has four left-handers
his
the music of Kirstin loudspeaker
Jamie now has more options you can listen to with the title «Once
in the list view
we can now start a reliable gift here and we
can set a repeat play here
Besides, here we have our plans home button
we can jump back and forth between the winners
In addition, here on this bar in which the subjects are moving
as forward and rewind
if I pressed the button in the middle then I have to continue here
Option I have the entire library here once
I've got a few here for sure I can feel the song to a certain extent
it's too much
besides, not every song can call that and associations
or delete
sentence
Overall, the Earth is very good. I understand it sounds good
who once with her the included in-ear headphones
to take millions around the track
Parkour 5-millimeter jack connection
Unfortunately, the quality with this head is very very bad
So I would recommend that you prefer your own headphones
use
even if there is the possibility between mp3-player and
Phone function to change